Move common code from node to root crate as new library (#163)
pyrsia/pyrsia: src/signed/readme.md

# Signed

> :warning: This nest crate it to supply the [signed_struct](../signed_struct/) crate accompying it.

Reviewer: Please reword this sentence to be more understandable. I don't understand it well enough to suggest what it should be.

Author: How about?

```suggestion
:warning: This nested crate is required to supply the [signed_struct](../signed_struct/) crate accompanying it with the underlying type definitions which **can not** be exposed due to rust's handling of procedural macro crates. See https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/issues/110 for history.
```
